[docs] Update collections.md (#36356)
metabase/metabase: docs/exploration-and-organization/collections.md

![Official collections](./images/official-collection.png)

> Metabase admins can designate collections as "official" with the following effects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metabase admins can designate collections as "official":
```

> - These collections have a yellow badge to let people know that the items in the collection are the ones people should be looking at (or whatever "official" means to you).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Official collections have a yellow badge to let people know that the items in the collection are the ones people should be looking at (or whatever "official" means to you).
```

- Questions in Official collections added to Dashboards that are not in Official collections will show an Official badge next to their name on the Dashboard.
- Questions and dashboards in Official collections are also more likely to show up at the top of search results.

Pairing Official badges with [verified items](./exploration.md#verified-items) can help everyone in your Metabase sort out which questions people can trust.

> To add an Official badge to a collection, an admin can visit the collection and click on the dot dot dot menu (**...**) and select **Make collection official**. Admins can also remove an Official badge in the same menu. Admins can also mark a collection as Official or not when they first create the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an Official badge to a collection, an admin can visit the collection and click on the dot dot dot menu (**...**) and select **Make collection official**. Admins can also remove an Official badge in the same menu. When creating a new collection, Admins also have the option of giving the collection an Official badge.
```
